<script front-matter>
</script>

## Brief Demo Time

We want to pick up from [last week’s demo](/week/11/#and-a-quick-demo), quickly showing how you will structure your final projects:
<!-- .balance -->

1. We’re going to use [cascade layers](hhttps://developer.mozilla.org/en-US/docs/Learn_web_development/Core/Styling_basics/Cascade_layers) to avoid [specificity](https://typography-interaction-2526.github.io/topic/css/#specificity) problems!

	These are a somewhat recent addition to CSS, and will help us manage our overlapping rules. <!-- .note -->

1. Add this to your landing page `<head>`, replacing our two `<link>` elements:

	```html
	<style>
		@import 'reset.css' layer(reset);
		@import 'common.css' layer(common);
	</style>
	```

	This still “links” your stylesheets (now via [`@import`](https://developer.mozilla.org/en-US/docs/Web/CSS/Reference/At-rules/@import)), but enforces the override order declared by [`@layer`](https://developer.mozilla.org/en-US/docs/Web/CSS/Reference/At-rules/@layer).

1. Duplicate your “winning” direction’s directory, `direction-1/` → `article-name/`

1. Replace the `<link>` elements there too, updating the path and adding the page-specific styles:

	```html
	<style>
		@import '../reset.css' layer(reset);
		@import '../common.css' layer(common);
		@import 'style.css' layer(page);
	</style>
	```

1. Now any styles you write in the page-specific `style.css` will override the `common.css`—no matter the how complicated the selector or specificity!

1. “Promote” your winning direction’s styles up to your `common.css`! These are now the basis for your design system

1. Duplication `article-name/` twice for your other texts, `second-one/` and `third-text/`

1. Update the `<title>` and `<h1>` in each of these to match your different texts

	For next week, you will be incorporating the semantic DOM for the actual texts! <!-- .note -->

1. Update the links on your landing page navigation to point to these new folders (instead of your directions)

1. And likewise update the per-page navigation, so they all link to one-another

1. Later (when you don’t need anything from them), you can delete your other directions to “tidy up”

<!-- .balance -->

This is how you will [develop the system](/project/3/#develop-the-system)!
<!-- .intro -->

## Project 3 Check-Ins

We’ll spend the bulk of class today looking through your initial [third project sketching](/project/3/#sketching-in-code). We’ll try using our other room for less chaos:
<!-- .after--2 .balance -->

<div class="left">

**Group Nº 1**

- Ali
- Amanda
- Cason
- Chareese
- Evgenii
- Katie
- Kimaya
- Kinza
- Lucy
- Noor

</div>

<div class="middle after--2">

**Group Nº 2**

- Maika
- Melody
- Mia
- Michael
- Riya
- Soko
- Sooim
- Sophia
- Trenton
- Zarah

</div>

The plan:
<!-- .intro .before--2 -->

- Our goal is that everyone will see one of us

- We’ll shoot for about 10 minutes with each of you

- We’ll see five people, take a short break, then switch groups

- Give us some brief background and then right into your directions

- Have your work up *on your phone*

- We want to focus on the *Big Picture*, to start—let’s save specific/technical minutia for later/Slack

- Have your laptop/notebook ready for notes!

- Feedback for one group is *often* feedback for all; let’s be actively listening to each turn
<!-- .balance -->

## For Next Week

- You’ll be moving into the next phase of your *Binding* projects. Narrow your design direction while incorporating your other texts, building it out across all your pages—and start to flesh it out across the breakpoints:

	[<cite>Project Nº 3: Develop the System</cite>](/project/3/#develop-the-system)

- As noted on the project page, we also want you to weigh in on your former partner’s work in a [GitHub Issue](https://docs.github.com/en/issues/tracking-your-work-with-issues/creating-an-issue)! The more thorough, the better—for both of you.

	Share your repo links with each other on Slack. It might be more useful to do this *after* your former partner has put in some more work—so communicate/coordinate around that.

- When you are ready, send us your links as usual:

	<a :href="course.channel.submit"><cite>Submission Form</cite></a>
	You’ll also include a link to the issue you file! <!-- .note -->
<!-- .balance -->
