<script front-matter>
</script>

## Very Special Guests

Before we get started, we want to introduce two guests joining us for our check-ins today:
<!-- .balance -->

<div class="verso before--2 balance">

**Hannah**

Hannah Farnham is a multidisciplinary designer based in NYC. She is currently a freelance designer for [Zaelab](https://www.zaelab.com/), a digital commerce agency. In May, she graduated from Parsons with a Master’s in Communication Design, and previously worked for Trellis as a UI/UX Design Lead.

Hannah combines design, art, and technology to craft thoughtful experiences across mediums. While UI/UX is her specialty, she integrates branding, motion, coding, and illustration to inspire and produce bespoke solutions.

[<cite>Portfolio Site</cite>](https://www.hannahfarnham.com)

</div>

<div class="recto before--2 balance">

**Devansh**

Devansh Khajanchi is a ~~digital product~~ designer based in New York, currently the Head of Design at [Noise Labs](https://www.noise.xyz/)–a platform that lets users trade 'trends'. He holds a Masters degree in Communication Design from Parsons School of Design and a Bachelors from the National Institute of Design, majoring in Exhibition Design.
<!-- .pretty -->

Devansh’s practice is rooted in accessibility, clarity, and design that bridges the physical and digital to create meaningful experiences for users.

[<cite>Portfolio Site</cite>](http://www.devanshkhajanchi.com/)

</div>

## Extra Credit?

For anyone worried about [their grades](/syllabus/#grade-calculation), we will be offering an extra-credit opportunity. We don’t want this to interfere with your final projects (which are worth much more) though, so you’ll hear about it *after* they are due, next class!
<!-- .balance -->

## Your Final Presentations

Next class—in two weeks, after the holiday—you’ll be presenting your final projects! Let’s go through the format:
<!-- .balance -->

[<cite>Project Nº 3: Notes on Format</cite>](/project/3/#notes-on-format)

## More Project 3 Check-Ins

Then we’ll spend the rest of the day looking through your [project *design systems*](/project/3/#develop-the-system). Same idea as last week, but smaller groups (and more eyes):
<!-- .after--2 .balance -->

<div class="left">

**Group Nº 1**

- Ali
- Amanda
- Cason
- Chareese
- Evgenii

**Group Nº 2**
- Katie
- Kimaya
- Kinza
- Lucy
- Noor

</div>

<div class="middle after--2">

**Group Nº 3**

- Maika
- Melody
- Mia
- Michael
- Riya

**Group Nº 4**
- Soko
- Sooim
- Sophia
- Trenton
- Zarah

</div>

<style>
	div > ul { margin-block-start: initial }
</style>

The plan:
<!-- .intro .before--2 -->

- Same general idea as last week—but we’re going to try and go faster to see more people/get more opinions/imbue chaos

- So we’re going to shoot for around *5 minutes* with each of you 😵‍💫

- So we’ll each see a whole group, move to the next group in the room, then take a short break—then switch rooms

- When you don’t have an instructor with you, you’ll have one of our special guests! They’ve been where you have been!

- Have your work up on your laptop, this time

- This is definitely a *Big Picture* status-check, with an overall focus on cohesion/progress—save specifics for Slack

- Be ready to take notes! In your notebook or on your phone, since we’ll have your laptop

- Feedback for one is *usually* feedback for all; let’s be actively listening to each turn
<!-- .balance -->

## For Next ~~Week~~ Class

- You will be finishing your *Binding* projects:

	[<cite>Project Nº 3: Finalize Your “Book” and Presentation</cite>](/project/3/#finalize-your-book-and-presentation)

	You’ve got two weeks! We want to see [the *refinement*](/topic/advanced-css/)!

- It might be helpful to revisit our previous [overall notes](/week/7/#quick-project-1-recap), and your own individual feedback that we’ve shared in Slack. Think about what you can focus on to improve.

	For many of you in the last project—it was your presentation itself; for others, it was systematizing/tidying your code. We’re always looking for improvement, especially if we’ve called it out!

- And then prepare to present your work on December 5:

	[<cite>Project Nº 3: Notes on Format</cite>](/project/3/#notes-on-format)
<!-- .balance -->

That’s it! We’re really excited to see where you take these, and we’ve all come [a long way](/week/1/).
<!-- .intro .before--2 -->
