<script front-matter>
	const date = '2025-12-05' // Skip one for Thanksgiving.
</script>

<aside class="after--1 before--1">

<mark>Reminder:&emsp;class today&#x202F;/&thinsp;next week is in Room Nº 458</mark>

</aside>

## *Binding* Presentations

Our class today (and again next week) is for your [third project](/project/3) presentations. Here are the folks up today:
<!-- .after--2 .balance -->

<div class="left">

**First Half**

1. Melody
1. Maika
1. Cason
1. Sophia
1. Sooim
<!-- .before--0 -->

</div>

<div class="middle after--2">

**Second Half**

1. Riya
1. Mia
1. Trenton
1. Zarah
1. Ali
<!-- .before--0 style="counter-reset: index 5" -->

</div>

<a :href="$data.course.channel.zoom"><cite>Class Zoom</cite></a>
Please look through the [notes on format](/project/3/#notes-on-format) again before class!
<!-- .note -->

The lucky (or unlucky) remainder will go next week!
<!-- .intro -->

## For Next Week

- As a reminder, we will not accept *any* additional work on your projects between today and the rest of our presentations, next week. Do not touch them! You are done.

- **Extra-Credit Opportunity** <!-- #extra-credit -->

	For folks concerned with [their grade](/syllabus/#grade-calculation), here is what we’ve decided:

	- We are going to accept re-submissions for your [first project](/project/1)

	- You can edit these with all your new prowess: namely making [them *responsive*](/topic/responsive), using [CSS variables](/topic/responsive/#briefly-css-variables), tidying your code, and adding [some fancy stuff](/topic/advanced-css) (still no images, though)

	- We would also like to see you *meaningfully* address the feedback we gave you for them—both aesthetically and technically

	- You will resubmit to <a :href="course.channel.submit">our form</a>—and will also include a description/explanation of the changes you made, and why

	- We will re-evaluate your project from there; how far this moves your initial grade will depend on your (re-)engagement!

	**Due Dec. 15 (by noon)** <!-- .before--1 -->

- And please fill out your course evaluations! You should have a link somewhere in your [MyNewSchool](https://my.newschool.edu/) and/or email.

<!-- .balance -->

<aside class="reverse">

<mark>Management appreciates your candor</mark>

Let us know what you think about the course, the joint structure, whatever you want. Good or bad, we’d love to hear from you. We will only share them between the two of us; they are anonymous and do not influence your grades. Don’t hold back!

These are genuinely useful (and interesting) to us!

</aside>
