<script front-matter>
</script>

## Some Overall Notes

- **Semantics**

	Glancing through some of your in-progress work—we want to remind people to pay attention to their [*semantic* structure](/topic/html/#block-elements)—around [images (perhaps `figure`)](/topic/images/#figure-figcaption), in particular. Nothing has changed here with the addition of JS; you should only be reaching for `<div>` when *nothing* else is more appropriate!

- **Mobile-First**

	Your projects [should be *fluidly* responsive](/project/4/#our-expectations), as our last couple have been! We’re seeing an almost across-the-board regression into *Desktop First* thinking so far—let’s reframe around [*Mobile First*](/topic/responsive/#mobile-first-design). And be sure to include the [viewport tag](/topic/responsive/#viewport-meta-tag)!

- **Modern properties**

	In this house, we use [relative units](/topic/box-model/#relative-units) (shouldn’t see *any* `px`), [logical properties](/topic/box-model/#and-logical-properties)) (`block-` and `inline-`), and [comparison operators](/topic/responsive/#media-width) (`width > 550px`) for our media queries. (And of course, thorough [CSS variables](/topic/responsive/#briefly-css-variables), relationships/`calc` use, and [nesting](/topic/css/#oh-also-nesting)!)

	*Besides* being more resilient/accessible/simpler/structural/systematic—this shows us *you* are engaging with the course material.

- **Dev&thinsp;Tools**

	[*The Inspector*](/topic/dev-tools/) has always been our friend—but should have even more prominence in your toolbelt now as we learn some JS. What is [our *Styles Tab*](/topic/dev-tools/#styles-svg) telling us about what we’re seeing? What is [our *Console*](/topic/dev-tools/#console-svg) complaining about when our code doesn’t work?

	When we look at your sites, this is how *we* diagnose what is going on! <!-- .note -->

- **Smaller Commits**

	We’ve talked about this [before](/week/7/#quick-project-1-recap)—we want to see much smaller, more-frequent commits! For one, it makes your code more resilient to annoying errors; also, it shows us how *you* (…not an LLM) are working through and understanding things.

- **Right, LLM<small>s</small>/attribution (…again)**

	As Eric [noted last night](https://mpscd.slack.com/archives/C09A1HDNBBN/p1770776950881199), we’re seeing some pretty… *suspect* code committed in your projects, so far—concepts, patterns, and syntax we haven’t discussed (which is fine) without any attribution comments or explanation (which is [code plagiarism](/syllabus/#code-plagiarism)).

	What are we *learning*? Could you explain your *understanding* to us? Are you in *control*? Consider this your final warning!

	Or [*Lance Armstrong*](https://www.library.hbs.edu/working-knowledge/lessons-from-the-lance-armstrong-cheating-scandal#:~:text=Because%20doping%20was,level%20playing%20field.%22), [*forklifts in the gym*](https://www.newyorker.com/culture/the-weekend-essay/why-ai-isnt-going-to-make-art#:~:text=As%20the%20linguist,fitness%20that%20way.), [*reverse-centaurs*](https://locusmag.com/feature/commentary-cory-doctorow-reverse-centaurs/#:~:text=There%E2%80%99s%20a%20bit,a%20shoestring%20budget.), and doing *less* (while understanding) vs. *more* (while not), etc. <!-- .note -->

## Project Check-Ins

We’re going to spend the bulk of class today looking at your progress using [*Are&period;na as an API*](/project/4/#are-na-as-an-api). Here are our groups:
<!-- .balance -->

<div class="left before--2">

**Group Nº 1**

- Zarah
- Noor
- Kinza
- Soko
- Trenton

**Group Nº 2**

- Cason
- Michael
- Kimaya
- Chareese
- Sooim

</div>

<div class="middle after--2">

**Group Nº 3**

- Riya
- Katie
- Maika
- Evgenii
- Mia

**Group Nº 4**

- Ali
- Amanda
- Sophia
- Lucy
- Melody

</div>

<style>
	div > ul { margin-block-start: initial }
</style>

- Our goal is that everyone will see one of us

- We’ll shoot for about ~~8 minutes~~ 5 minutes with each of you

- We’ll each see ~~one group~~ two groups, then take a short break

- Give us some brief conceptual background, then right to live work

- Have your work up *on your phone*!

- We want to focus on the *Big Picture*, to start—let’s save specific/technical minutia for Slack

- Have your laptop/notebook ready for notes!

- Feedback for one group is *often* feedback for all; let’s be actively listening to each turn

- Do the same with your peers when we are not at your table!
<!-- .balance -->

## ~~Quick demo~~

~~For the next part of your project, you’ll be [*Adding Interactivity*](/project/4/#adding-interactivity). We’ll do an example to close out today:~~
<!-- .balance -->

- ~~**“Show More (Block) Info”**~~

	- ~~Add a `<button>` to a block template~~
	- ~~Create a function that listens for click events [on *each*](/topic/javascript/#loops) of these `<button>`~~
	- ~~When the button is pressed, [add a class](/topic/javascript/#adding-removing-a-class) to its block~~
	- ~~Use this class to show more information (description)~~
	- ~~Maybe you want to show [a modal/lightbox](/topic/javascript/#opening-a-modal) instead~~
	- ~~Then adjust ancestor styles when [it `:has`](/topic/css/#has-really-has-changed-things) an `open` overlay~~
	- ~~Add an event listener on this new element to close/hide it~~
<!-- .balance -->

For time, we’re going to take a look at this async/on Loom!

## For Next Week

- We’re on to the next phase of your projects:

	[<cite>Project Nº 4: Adding Interactivity</cite>](/project/4/#adding-interactivity)

	First think about how you want someone to understand, navigate, and interact with your collection—and then interpret that through the tools JavaScript avails us. We want these things to feel alive!

- Here we also want to emphasize *prioritization*—think about what gets you the most “bang for your buck.”

	Don’t neglect strong, foundational styles due to chasing down JS/refactoring. Can you approximate more complicated behavior by adding/removing classes with different states? (Probably.) Think about what seems *achievable* in the next two weeks. We don’t want to see our “Fall Fundamentals” neglected!

- Update us with your progress:

	<a :href="course.channel.submit"><cite>Submission Form</cite></a>

- We’ll be using the entirety of class next week for longer reviews, and you’ll each hear from both of us!

	So we expect a lot of progress between now and then! The following week is for *refinement*, not your catching up on your core <nobr>functionality—</nobr>get that in *before* we see you next, so we can respond to it.
<!-- .balance -->
