<script front-matter>
	const video = '12_ibXDnbuygTeaFYtGgCcgMhd4tF79QT'
</script>

## Very Special Guests

Before we get going, our guests for your check-ins today:
<!-- .balance -->

<div class="verso before--2 balance">

**Hye Lynn**

Hye Lynn Suh is a product designer at [25madison](https://www.25madison.com/), a venture studio building and investing in B2B tech for underserved industries. She holds a Masters degree in Communication Design from Parsons School of Design and a Bachelors in Fine Arts and Information Science from Cornell University.

Hye Lynn specializes in transforming complex systems into structured, usable, and emotionally resonant product experiences, blending visual design, interaction design, and emerging technologies.

[<cite>Portfolio Site</cite>](https://www.hyelynnsuh.com)

</div>

<div class="recto before--2 balance">

**Rice**

Rice Gallardo (she/they) is a multidisciplinary designer based in NYC. They hold a Master’s in Communication Design from Parsons, and a BFA in Illustration from SVA. They currently work at [general population](https://www.genpop.nyc/), an independent marketing agency, where they design and develop websites and brand identities for clients in the arts and entertainment industry. They’re also a designer at [Devsisters USA](https://www.devsisters.com/en), a video game company, where they work on marketing for its *Cookie Run* mobile games.

Working across design, motion, illustration, and code, Rice’s practice explores the intersections of different creative processes to expand visual storytelling, crafting digital experiences that are engaging, inclusive, and resonant with diverse audiences.

[<cite>Portfolio Site</cite>](https://ricegallardo.xyz)

</div>

## Your Presentations

You’ll be be presenting your fourth projects next week! Let’s talk about the format:
<!-- .balance -->

[<cite>Project Nº 4: Notes on Format</cite>](/project/4/#notes-on-format)

## More Project Check-Ins

And then we will be checking in on your projects, where you are with [*Adding Interactivity*](/project/4/#adding-interactivity). Our groups today:
<!-- .balance -->

<div class="left before--2">

**Group Nº 1**

- Zarah
- Cason
- Riya
- Ali
- Melody

**Group Nº 2**

- Noor
- Michael
- Katie
- Amanda
- Mia

</div>

<div class="middle after--2">

**Group Nº 3**

- Kinza
- Kimaya
- Maika
- Sophia
- Sooim

**Group Nº 4**

- Soko
- Chareese
- Evgenii
- Lucy
- Trenton

</div>

<style>
	div > ul { margin-block-start: initial }
</style>

- You’ll each see *both* instructors today (and ideally, both guests)

- We’ll shoot for about 5 minutes with each of you

- We’ll each see two groups, then take a short break

- Give us a quick background, then show us your progress

- Have your work up *on your phone*! You know the drill!

- Let’s focus on conceptual and design feedback (save specific technical questions for Slack), for time
<!-- .balance -->

## For Next Week

- You will be finishing your *Links* projects:

	[<cite>Project Nº 4: Refinement and Review</cite>](/project/4/#refinement-and-review)

	As you hone your work, read back through the previous phases carefully and make sure that you aren’t missing anything. We are expecting to see continued evolution of your work based on your concept and our ongoing feedback!

- Make sure you “turn in” your URL&NoBreak;s, as usual:

	<a :href="course.channel.submit"><cite>Submission Form</cite></a>

- And prepare to present your work next week! We’ll split into two groups, and using the entire class for this purpose. Keep in mind our structure:

	[<cite>Project Nº 4: Notes on Format</cite>](/project/4/#notes-on-format)
<!-- .balance -->
