<script front-matter>
	const videos = [
		'1FLRs9BU4v4zopiLaXKvQW1HuXPs74mrG',
		'1Qj7SLr0SyWGwJWombOhcXq9q3Eej_LEZ',
		'1ebgrAe6c2Fx_Oq_kZU5p8dt_eCCRG-Xy',
	]
</script>

## Session Recordings

<div class="verso">

**Overall Notes**

<figure
	:citation="`https://drive.google.com/file/d/${$data.videos[0]}`"
	:source="`https://drive.google.com/file/d/${$data.videos[0]}/preview`"
></figure>

</div>

<div class="recto">

**(Some of) Eric’s Feedback**

<figure
	:citation="`https://drive.google.com/file/d/${$data.videos[1]}`"
	:source="`https://drive.google.com/file/d/${$data.videos[1]}/preview`"
></figure>

</div>

<div class="verso">

**Michael’s Feedback**

<figure
	:citation="`https://drive.google.com/file/d/${$data.videos[2]}`"
	:source="`https://drive.google.com/file/d/${$data.videos[2]}/preview`"
></figure>

</div>

<style>
	div:has(> figure) {
		margin-block-start: 2rlh;

		> figure { margin-block: initial }

		&:not(:first-of-type) > figure > figcaption::after { content: '' }
	}
</style>

<!-- <aside class="after--2 before--1">

<mark>We will be meeting in our other classroom, today: 2 West 13<sup>th</sup> building, Room Nº 602!</mark>

</aside> -->

## Quick Questions

- How many people are doing extensions? These are somewhat hard for us to quickly diagnose, compared to web pages.

- Are the per-group feedback video recordings helpful?

- How are folks feeling about/navigating our expanded [LLM policy](/syllabus/#llms-and-artificial-intelligence)?
<!-- .balance -->

## Some Overall Notes

- We didn’t see a lot of work in some roadmaps, and many folks hadn’t made *real* progress towards their goals outside of these.

	We’re trying to help even out the arc of this work—but ultimately you have to put in the time! We’re expecting to see progress each week (and [are checking](/syllabus/#spring-2) for this).

	Also, [*Index* project progress](/project/index/#adding-context-and-form)—many hardly or didn’t even touch it at all! <br><br> <!-- .note -->

- This is not, primarily, a *content* project—if you are burning your time here, we want you to refocus on the *function*! Give yourself just enough here to model your data, then come back to populating/fleshing this out further, later.

- Likewise, for *assets* (separate of *content*)—you might think of an illustration or icon as an asset. This also not primarily an *asset* project, but leave some time (towards the end) for these.

- Revisit your roadmaps, if you haven’t—again, to both keep yourself on track/focused and also to show us your progress.

- You should be [(well) into code](/project/5/#core-functionality)! If you aren’t in code—or haven’t answered the biggest “is this feasible” question yet—you are behind.

- Don’t check any API keys/tokens into your repos! They shouldn’t be `public`&#x202F;. If you have an API that needs these, talk to us.

- As you get into the technical aspects of your MVP, *ruthlessly* trim your scope! Narrow your focus! Pick the one thing and make it robust and thorough, “putting a pin” in your other ideas.

	All things equal, a thoroughly *working* project is worth more than any particular taste/design. We only have a few more weeks—and by next class, you should be showing us a [working MVP](/project/5/#minimum-viable-product) on your phone!
<!-- .balance -->

## Project Check-Ins, Continued

Our [same groups](/week/24/#project-check-ins) again, today:
<!-- .after--2 .balance -->

<div class="left">

**Group Nº 1**

- Ali
- Zarah
- Sooim
- Evgenii
- Sophia
- Mia
- Riya
- Lucy
- Kinza
- Trenton

</div>

<div class="middle">

**Group Nº 2**

- Michael
- Soko
- Chareese
- Amanda
- Katie
- Melody
- Maika
- Kimaya
- Noor
- Cason

</div>

<style>
	section > ul { row-gap: 3rcap }

	:where(.left, .middle) ul { margin-block-start: initial }
</style>

**Structure for today**
<!-- .before--2 -->

- We’d like you to see *both* of us today—switching groups from last week and then circling back around. <!-- data-description -->

- But it’ll still be pretty quick! Ballpark a few minutes each, and be ready to get what *you* need from us.

- Give us a brief run-down of your project, any “swings,” and your overall progress from last week.

- Have your in-progress, core functionality prototype up on your phone!

- We’ll also look at your updated roadmaps, to frame our discussion of progress/efforts—are we “current,” here?

- Same as before: we want to make sure you are “unblocked” on your project—do you know what you are doing overall, and what you are doing for next week?
<!-- .balance -->

## For Next Week

- We’re moving on to our next project milestone, the fabled *MVP*. By next week, the last “beam” of your project should be in place:

	[<cite>Project Nº 5: Minimum Viable Product</cite>](/project/5/#minimum-viable-product)

- Send us your links and an update, as is custom:

	<a :href="course.channel.submit"><cite>Submission Form</cite></a>
<!-- .balance -->
