<script front-matter>
	const videos = [
		'1S-DpNlkOB0pY7DgwS_IrS_WbV3HqNtuU',
		'11TAcvyBkRU7WbdVRt9wKuv5aHE1FunLX',
		'191B5O7vbOWT6INmmMJXHhgB_owc11c6u',
		'1yE4IrvB-m726GiceCRLH1x9U4_PkfDFD',
	]
</script>

## Session Recordings

<div class="verso">

**Overall Notes**

<figure
	:citation="`https://drive.google.com/file/d/${$data.videos[0]}`"
	:source="`https://drive.google.com/file/d/${$data.videos[0]}/preview`"
></figure>

</div>

<div class="recto">

**Eric’s Feedback**

<figure
	:citation="`https://drive.google.com/file/d/${$data.videos[1]}`"
	:source="`https://drive.google.com/file/d/${$data.videos[1]}/preview`"
></figure>

</div>

<div class="verso">

**Michael’s Feedback**

<figure
	:citation="`https://drive.google.com/file/d/${$data.videos[2]}`"
	:source="`https://drive.google.com/file/d/${$data.videos[2]}/preview`"
></figure>

</div>

<div class="recto">

**Devansh’s Feedback**

<figure
	:citation="`https://drive.google.com/file/d/${$data.videos[3]}`"
	:source="`https://drive.google.com/file/d/${$data.videos[3]}/preview`"
></figure>

</div>

<style>
	div:has(> figure) {
		margin-block-start: 2rlh;

		> figure { margin-block: initial }

		&:not(:first-of-type) > figure > figcaption::after { content: '' }
	}
</style>

<!-- <aside class="after--2 before--1">

<mark>We’ll use our other classroom again, today: 2 West 13<sup>th</sup> building, Room Nº 602!</mark>

</aside> -->

## More Overall Notes

- Let’s look at [our milestones](/project/5/#minimum-viable-product): we should have a barebones-but-complete *MVP* today, moving into *refinement* next week.

- As we move more into design, let’s “put a pin” in any additional features and/or “bells and whistles.” Come back to these after the flow/look/feel is where you want it to be.

	If your functionality isn’t there yet, we’re behind—and that needs to come first to allow you to move to design! Two weeks! <!-- .note -->

- Consider the “storytelling” of your project—(good) stories have a start, middle, and an end. As we move more into your design, think of someone coming to your site/extension, using it, and then what its “end” state is. Does it feel resolved/finished?

- Don’t show visitors/us things we can’t yet do or use. If we have to do “step 1,” don’t show us “step 2” until we’ve done the first one. (Or show them *differently*, or *disabled*.)

	This is also a way to narrow your down your logic and edge-cases! And make the design less overwhelming. <!-- .note -->

- Also, [*affordances*](https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Affordance)—what does this thing do? Make it obvious!

- In code, if your JS includes `element.style.property = someValue`, this is just an [inline style](/topic/css/#where-css-lives). Let’s mind our first-semester fundamentals about where our styles live (in our external stylesheets).

	If you want to pass a *dynamic* value to your stylesheet, you can set a [CSS variable](/topic/responsive/#briefly-css-variables) with `element.style.setProperty('--some-variable', someValue)`. <!-- .note -->

- When [attributing](https://typography-interaction-2526.github.io/syllabus/#aides-to-our-understanding) “AI” questions, be sure to properly *share* the conversation thread (not just copy your session URL). You can test this in an incognito window!

	Some links are also just broken? Check your attributions—a reminder:

	If you cannot furnish a link to your “conversation” and questions, you cannot use the tool nor its output. <!-- .quote -->

- Some of these conversation attribution links are not showing the full chat history—probably because the [*context window*](https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Context_window) is limited. We need to see it from beginning to end! Start new, shorter, more *specific* conversations.

	 This is also a good practice to prevent LLM feedback loops, dead-end paths, and “hallucinations.” <!-- .note -->

- Generally we want to see narrower, more focused questioning—that does not cede your control/understanding to the LLM.

	Less this:

	how use JS to filter json? <!-- .quote -->

	More this:

	I’m trying to use Javascript `filter()` to look through an array in a JSON object, but am getting this error in my console: `Uncaught SyntaxError: Unexpected token ')'`. Can you explain this to me? Here is my function… <!-- .quote -->
<!-- .balance -->

## Project Check-Ins, ongoing

[Devansh](/week/13/#very-special-guests:~:text=PORTFOLIO%20SITE-,DEVANSH,-Devansh%20Khajanchi%20is) will be joining us again! We’ll break up into smaller groups today:
<!-- .after--2 .balance data-description -->

<div class="left">

**Group Nº 1**

- Ali
- Zarah
- Sooim
- Evgenii
- Sophia

**Group Nº 2**

- Mia
- Riya
- Lucy
- Kinza
- Trenton

</div>

<div class="middle">

**Group Nº 3**

- Michael
- Soko
- Chareese
- Amanda
- Katie

**Group Nº 4**

- Melody
- Maika
- Kimaya
- Noor
- Cason

</div>

<style>
	:where(.left, .middle) ul { margin-block-start: initial }
</style>

- <a href="https://NewSchool.zoom.us/j/92452463880?pwd=VgMBFQGWKwHbLYQRadb7a2tu04hDsz.1"><cite>Zoom for Eric</cite></a>

- <a :href="$data.course.channel.zoom"><cite>Zoom for Michael</cite></a>

- <a :href="$data.course.channel.zoomAlt"><cite>Zoom for Devansh</cite></a>
<!-- .before--2 -->

**Structure for today**
<!-- .before--2 -->

- Our goal today is for you to see both instructors and ~~both~~ one alumni! If we’re relatively quick about things.

- Have your MVP up on your phone (or your Chrome extension loaded), ready to tap tap tap.

- With your instructors: update us on your progress from last week and what you’ll be tackling next.

- Our goal is to help identify what you need to get across the finish line in two weeks. 😲

- With your alumn: give them a brief background to your problem/concept and then just hand it over!

- This could be more about *vibes*, and just some fresh UX eyes.
<!-- .balance -->

## For next week

- We’re heading into the closing phases of your projects. Next week, you should be shifting into design and testing/QA:

	[<cite>Project Nº 5: Refinement, Polish, and Testing</cite>](/project/5/#refinement-polish-and-testing) <!-- .narrow -->

- Make sure we have your links/progress:

	<a :href="course.channel.submit"><cite>Submission Form</cite></a>
<!-- .balance -->

<style>
	.narrow cite { max-inline-size: 27ch }
</style>
