<script front-matter>
	const draft = true
</script>

<aside class="after--2 before--1">

<mark>We’ll be over in our “windows” classroom, again: 2 West 13<sup>th</sup> building, Room Nº 602!</mark>

</aside>

We’re joined today by another alumnus from last year:

Amely Richter is a graphic and product designer based in New York, currently a designer at [Selman](https://selman.nyc/)—a design studio based in Gowanus. In May, she graduated from Parsons with a Master’s in Communication Design, and previously worked as an Art Director in advertising. Her work leans into structure without losing the spark—best when things feel slightly weird and made with great teams. <!-- .quote -->

[<cite>Portfolio Site</cite>](https://amelyrichter.com/)
<!-- .before -->

## Last Overall Notes

- We want to see folks thinking about the whole experience of coming to the site (or using the extension)—maybe it needs initial explanatory copy, or a one-time introduction modal. We want these to “stand on their own” without you presenting.

- In our mobile UI/controls, be sure they are sized (and spaced) for fingers. We’re seeing lots of small buttons and options very close together—which makes it feel too precise and brittle. Try it on your phone, with your thumbs!

- We want to see more differentiation between primary, secondary, and *disabled* controls—like any [UI library](https://ui.shadcn.com/docs/components/button). We want it to always be clear what we should click and what we can’t.

- As we think through presentations, we want you to reframe your work (the story you tell about it) around the [project prompt](/project/5/)—it’s often easy to lose sight of “the big picture” when we’re “down in the weeds.”

	In this capstone project, students will identify a problem—whether in their own life, or in the lives of others. They will then design and implement their *answer* to this problem using the tools, technologies, and techniques they’ve learned in this course. <!-- .quote -->

- Also when you are presenting—your demonstration itself is a story, too. Consider the path you go through as another way to tell that story, *while* showing its features.

- Be sure to read through [the requirements](/project/5/#our-technical-practical-requirements) again and make sure you have everything covered!
<!-- .balance -->

## Final Project Check-Ins

We’ll be in the same small groups from last week, again:
<!-- .after--2 .balance data-description -->

<div class="left">

**Group Nº 1**

- Ali
- Zarah
- Sooim
- Evgenii
- Sophia

**Group Nº 2**

- Mia
- Riya
- Lucy
- Kinza
- Trenton

</div>

<div class="middle">

**Group Nº 3**

- Michael
- Soko
- Chareese
- Amanda
- Katie

**Group Nº 4**

- Melody
- Maika
- Kimaya
- Noor
- Cason

</div>

<style>
	:where(.left, .middle) ul { margin-block-start: initial }
</style>

**Same structure as last week**
<!-- .before--2 -->

- Our goal today is for you to see both instructors and ~~both~~ one alumni!

- Have your projects up again on your phones! But you can show us desktop now, if you’d like.

- With your instructors: update us on your progress and what you’re doing to close it out.

- Our goal is to prioritize these efforts for next week! 😲

- With your alumn: give them a brief background to your problem/concept and then just hand it over!

- Since your project should be much more visually complete, get their fresh take on the overall experience.
<!-- .balance -->

## For next week

- You’ll be completing your projects!

	Look through our [previous](/week/25/#some-overall-notes) [overall](/week/26/#more-overall-notes) [notes](#last-overall-notes) and make sure you’ve addressed these points in your own work.

	We want you to balance your remaining time between “sanding down” any rough edges and prepping (and practicing) your presentations:

	[<cite>Project Nº 5: Final Refinements and Presentation</cite>](/project/5/#final-refinements-and-presentation) <!-- .narrow -->

- Make sure we have your final URLs:

	<a :href="course.channel.submit"><cite>Submission Form</cite></a>
<!-- .balance -->

<style>
	.narrow cite { max-inline-size: 32ch }
</style>
