<script front-matter>
	const draft = true
</script>

<aside class="after--2 before--1">

<mark>Reminder:&ensp;our class today&#x202F;/&thinsp;next week are back in the University Center, Room Nº 620!</mark>

</aside>

## *Functions* Presentations

As you know, class today (and next week) are for our [final project](/project/5/) presentations. Here’s the lineup for today:
<!-- .balance .after--2 data-description -->

<div class="left">

**First Half**

1. TKTKTK
1. TKTKTK
1. TKTKTK
1. TKTKTK
1. TKTKTK
<!-- .before--0 -->

</div>

<div class="middle">

**Second Half**

1. TKTKTK
1. TKTKTK
1. TKTKTK
1. TKTKTK
1. TKTKTK
<!-- .before--0 style="counter-reset: index 5" -->

</div>

<div class="right">

<a :href="$data.course.channel.zoom"><cite>Class Zoom</cite></a>
Mic and cameras on!

</div>

The rest will go next week!
<!-- .note .before--2 -->
## For next week

- Taking a step back, we have a couple readings to round out our unit and semester. The first—around the seemingly inevitable rise, shift, and fall of *platforms*:

	[<cite>TikTok’s Enshittification</cite>](https://pluralistic.net/2023/01/21/potemkin-ai/#hey-guys)
	Cory Doctorow, 2023

- Add your reading synthesis, as usual:

	[<cite>Unit Nº 5: Reading Responses (Enshittification) </cite>](TKTKTK) <!-- .narrow -->

<!-- .balance -->

## For last class

- And our very last reading, about aesthetics, nationalism, and the actual *work* of design:

	[<cite>A notional design studio.</cite>](https://ethanmarcotte.com/wrote/a-notional-design-studio/)
	Ethan Marcotte, 2025

	You might remember Ethan from our [responsive intro](/topic/responsive/#whats-all-this-about-responsive-design)! <!-- .note .before--0 -->

- And your *last* response:

	[<cite>Unit Nº 5: Reading Responses (N.D.S.) </cite>](TKTKTK) <!-- .narrow -->

<!-- .balance -->

## For the end of the semester

- Finish up your *Index* projects!

	[<cite>Project *Index*: Wrapping It Up</cite>](/project/index/#wrapping-it-up)

	We want to encourage you to manifest your own design aesthetic and personality in these. They are—as we’ve mentioned—what we reference and send out for alumni past. So the more you and the more interesting, the better! It’s small; it’s yours. Make it fun. Play us your [one song](https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=CqiG1fZaCJs&t=73s).

	And if all that doesn’t matter to you, we’ll remind you these are worth [10% of your grade](/syllabus/#spring-2)! <!-- .note -->
<!-- .balance -->

Due the morning of Friday, May 15!
<!-- .intro .before--2 -->

<style>
	.narrow cite {
		max-inline-size: 30ch;
		text-wrap:       initial;
	}
</style>
