<script front-matter>
	const draft = true
</script>

<aside class="after--2 before--1">

<mark>Reminder:&emsp;class today is again in U.C. Room Nº 620!</mark>

</aside>

## *Functions* Presentations, Continued

We’ll finish up our [final project](/project/5/) presentations today. Here is our order:
<!-- .balance .after--2 data-description -->

<div class="left">

**First Half**

1. Riya
1. Noor
1. Katie
1. Michael
1. Amanda
<!-- .before--0 style="counter-reset: index 10" -->

</div>

<div class="middle">

**Second Half**

1. Sooim
1. Zarah
1. Sophia
1. Melody
1. Ali
<!-- .before--0 style="counter-reset: index 15" -->

</div>

<div class="right">

<a :href="$data.course.channel.zoom"><cite>Class Zoom</cite></a>
Mic and cameras on!

</div>

That should be everyone!
<!-- .note .before--2 -->

## For Next Week

- If you haven’t already, finish up both our last readings in preparation for our discussion next week:

	- [<cite>TikTok’s Enshittification</cite>](https://pluralistic.net/2023/01/21/potemkin-ai/#hey-guys)
	Cory Doctorow, 2023

	- [<cite>A notional design studio.</cite>](https://ethanmarcotte.com/wrote/a-notional-design-studio/)
	Ethan Marcotte, 2025

- And add your thoughts on both:

	- [<cite>Unit Nº 5: Reading Responses (Enshittification) </cite>](TKTKTK) <!-- .narrow -->

	- [<cite>Unit Nº 5: Reading Responses (N.D.S.) </cite>](TKTKTK) <!-- .narrow -->

	A reminder that these [are evaluated](/syllabus/#spring-2)! <!-- .note -->

- We will be running through some concepts that we didn’t get to, but wanted to at least introduce (and have links out for). If there is something specific you want our thoughts on, throw it into Slack. Ask [us] anything!

	We hope to end our time here together on a good note, all things considered.

<!-- .balance -->

## For the end of the semester

- A reminder that your [*Index* pages and extra-credit submissions](/week/28/#for-the-end-of-the-semester) will both be due the morning of Friday, May 15!

- Finally, we’re told your course evaluations should be “live” with a link somewhere in your [MyNewSchool](https://my.newschool.edu/) and/or email.

	To reiterate: this course has—and will continue to—evolve. In no small way, you have benefitted from the feedback of the cohorts before you—and so we hope to hear from you as well! It’s anonymous, your grades are already submitted, and we’d love to know what you think.

	**All work is work in progress—your instructors and *Typography & Interaction* included.**

<!-- .balance -->

<style>
	.narrow cite {
		max-inline-size: 30ch;
		text-wrap:       initial;
	}
</style>
