<script front-matter>
</script>

<aside class="after--1 before--1">

<mark>We’ll end back in our “windows” classroom: 2 West 13<sup>th</sup> building, Room Nº 602!</mark>

</aside>

## A Bunch of Other Stuff That We Haven’t Talked About Yet But Want You to Have at Least Heard of Before You Head Out Into the “Real World”

We’re going to spend our first half today breezing through some topics that “fell through the cracks” over the year:
<!-- .balance data-description -->

- [<cite>“Everything Else”</cite>](/topic/else/)

This will be *very* quick, but there are *tons* of links!
<!-- .note .before--0 -->

## Reading / General Discussion

And in our last half, we want to discuss your last two readings. We’ll start with your tablemates, then convene back together:
<!-- .balance -->

- [<cite>TikTok’s Enshittification</cite>](https://pluralistic.net/2023/01/21/potemkin-ai/#hey-guys)
Cory Doctorow, 2023

- [<cite>A notional design studio.</cite>](https://ethanmarcotte.com/wrote/a-notional-design-studio/)
Ethan Marcotte, 2025

- [<cite>Unit Nº 5: Reading Responses (Enshittification) </cite>](https://docs.google.com/document/d/1FFiZSS6Yjiypbotag_Pmv0hMnesSmqgvQGHaW0fikPo/) <!-- .narrow .before -->

- [<cite>Unit Nº 5: Reading Responses (N.D.S.) </cite>](https://docs.google.com/document/d/12cOXSPZjdS63_KdXVUO8Qs2KPh99hLveCCUgjauNJPA/) <!-- .narrow -->

We also want to open up the discussion here more broadly, using these as a lens to talk about “what it all means.” Ask us anything!
<!-- .intro .before--2 -->

## For ~~next week~~ the end of the semester

- A final reminder that your [*Index* pages and extra-credit submissions](/week/28/#for-the-end-of-the-semester) will both be due next week—the morning of Friday, May 15!

	This is your last change to show us that *engagement*! (And the last time you’ll see/hear us type/say the word.) <!-- .note -->

- And again we’d love to hear your honest input via your course evaluations. Let us know what you think worked and what didn’t to *pay it forward* to future cohorts.

	As of writing, only *one* of you has filled these out! <span style="color: initial">🫣</span> <!-- .note -->
<!-- .balance -->

<aside class="reverse">

<mark>Management thanks you for your efforts</mark>

That’s it! We’ll end by saying that we appreciate your time and engagement over this past year, and hope you take some things away from this all—we know it has been a challenge!

We wish the best of luck for you all! Cheers.

</aside>

<style>
	.narrow cite {
		max-inline-size: 30ch;
		text-wrap:       initial;
	}
</style>
