<script front-matter>
	const draft = true
</script>

## Notes on Sketches

We’ve gone through your [Figma sketches](https://www.figma.com/files/project/444847556) (everyone should have feedback there now) and want to discuss some trends:
<!-- .balance -->

- **Many folks really only had one direction. (Maaaaybe 1 <sup>1</sup>/<sub>2</sub>, being generous.)**

	A lot of the work landed much closer to “explorations on one theme” rather than “three distinct directions.” (A font or color change alone does not always make new direction.)

	In addition to not satisfying our [expectations for the assignment](/project/1/#sketches), this can also only limit your horizons for the project. Sketching is meant to initially *broaden* these, from which we can later narrow. But you can’t refine (and we can’t respond/give feedback to) what we don’t see. We want to see much more varied exploration, here.

	If your “boss” asked you for three directions, *specifically* calling out “distinct” and “more than font/color changes”—would you turn in three of the same thing? <!-- .note -->

- **It also wasn’t very… *sketchy*.**

	Lots of “here are my only three frames.” We want to see more *in-progress* and more experimentation. These don’t have to be complete thoughts. Sketches are *not* presentations. Be looser. Show us how you got there. Don’t “tidy up” prematurely.

- **Lots of *too-small* type.**

	We did say that to some extent, scale/zoom doesn’t matter—it is about the relationships. But we doubt everyone was drawing at 200% zoom, so the type was often too small. Put yourself in the mind/eyes of your reader! And also folks reviewing your Figma.

- **Build up from the base (paragraph).**

	Overall, we want to see more of an emphasis on [basic readability](/topic/typography/#type-size-weight-and-color). This is true in any project, but particular one about text and reading! Readability is our “[table stakes](https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Table_stakes)”; this requirement precedes all others.

	We’re all designers—everyone here wants to start with their *Bigass Type Moment*, above the fold. But instead—try starting with your most basic, simple, base paragraph. Land that—and it is your typographic “floor”/“foundation” to build *up* from. Think of your larger type moments in *relation* to that base—as increments of its size, or in contrast to its weight.

- **Multi-column, *print* layouts.**

	We left *lots* of notes for folks about their multi-column layouts. Columns are a powerful, structural design tool—but are complicated in digital, where the audience only ever sees a portion of your page while scrolling.

	We can’t expect people to scroll down one column, then zigzag back up another. You probably wouldn’t! So don’t expect your reader to, either. Again, put yourself in their mind/eyes.

- **We aren’t designing *posters*.**

	Relatedly, there were a lot of *Frame-centric* layouts. Keep in mind that your reader never sees “the whole canvas” as we do in Figma—this is a weak point of the tool. Always think about how your audience will flow (scroll) through your page—especially when the primary purpose is reading, as it is with this project.

	Going further, we didn’t see much in the way of “frameless” work! Remember that with all of our tools, their form and limitations can become our own.

- **In the *[Semantic DOM](/project/1/#semantic-dom)* we’ve seen so far, not enough *structure*.** <!-- .balance -->

	Lots of text fragments (no `<p>` or `<h#>` tags around), very flat hierarchy, little overall organization. You will need more groupings/containers *around* your text elements to work towards your designs. We want to see a lot more [semantic structuring](https://developer.mozilla.org/en-US/docs/Glossary/Semantics#semantic_elements) of your document. Boxes within boxes! Dolls within dolls! *Nesting*.

	Our second-half [demo repo](https://github.com/typography-interaction-2526/manuscript) is indicative of what we want to see, here. <!-- .note -->

## Alright, alright, CSS

Our topic for today is CSS. We’ll start to make things look *good*:

[<cite>An Intro to CSS</cite>](/topic/css/)

## Let’s Try This Together

Again today our back half will be a demo, picking up from last week:

1. Open your repo from last week—either from GitHub Desktop or VS Code. We’ll be using a demo repo, which you can reference:

	[<cite>`manuscript`</cite>](https://github.com/typography-interaction-2526/manuscript)

	This is indicative of the *kind* of structuring we’re looking for in your projects. Don’t mimic this directly, but interpret its hierarchy within your design’s needs. Your project should be *as* nested.

1. We’ll start with some general [ergonomic settings](https://code.visualstudio.com/docs/getstarted/settings) <kbd>⌘&thinsp;~&thinsp;Ctrl</kbd> <kbd>,</kbd> to get comfortable:

	- <samp>User</samp> vs. <samp>Workspace</samp> (and even [syncing](https://code.visualstudio.com/docs/editor/settings-sync))
	- Enable [<samp>Auto Save</samp>](https://code.visualstudio.com/docs/editor/codebasics#_save-auto-save)
	- Toggle <samp>Render Whitespace</samp>
	- [*Tabs* vs. *spaces*](https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=cowtgmZuai0) 😬
	- Convert between them and [adjust our defaults](https://code.visualstudio.com/docs/editor/codebasics#_indentation)
	- Syntax highlighting and [themes](https://code.visualstudio.com/docs/getstarted/themes)
	- Make it look [like GitHub](https://marketplace.visualstudio.com/items?itemName=GitHub.github-vscode-theme) for consistency

1. And we’ll improve our turnaround on seeing changes with the [Live Server](https://marketplace.visualstudio.com/items?itemName=ritwickdey.LiveServer) extension.

	- Note `file:///Users…` vs. `http://127.0.0.1/…` (vs. `https://username.github.io/…`) URLs
	- No more <kbd>⌘&thinsp;~&thinsp;Ctrl</kbd> <kbd>R</kbd>—make a change and see the *live reload*&thinsp;!

1. Okay, for real, let’s switch gears to CSS. Create a `style.css` in the same folder as your `index.html`.

	Recall that CSS [can live](/topic/css/#where-css-lives) also live in a `<style>` tag, or even inline on an element itself—but these don’t scale very well. So we’ll be using an *external* (not in the HTML) stylesheet.

1. In the `<head>` of your HTML file, link to your `style.css`:

	```html
	<!doctype html>
	<html>
		<head>
			<title>Your page title</title>
			<link href="style.css" rel="stylesheet">
		</head>
		<body>
			<!-- Your HTML content. -->
		</body>
	</html>
	```

1. I always like to add something obvious in, to make sure it is all connected. Add this to your `style.css`:

	```css
	body { color: tomato; }
	```

	If you hop back to your page in the browser, you should see the color change! If not, your HTML isn’t seeing your CSS. Retrace your steps.

1. Let’s also try adding in [a reset](/topic/css/#resets) to start with a *clean slate*:

	```html <!-- style="max-inline-size: calc(var(--layout--page) - var(--typography--line--2))" -->
	<link href="https://typography-interaction-2526.github.io/assets/reset.css" rel="stylesheet">
	```

	Try [commenting](/topic/html/#comments) <kbd>⌘&thinsp;~&thinsp;Ctrl</kbd> <kbd>/</kbd> this line in and out, then looking again in the browser! Note the differences, as the *user-agent* styles are reset.

1. We’ll bring this file in locally, to avoid [a *dependency*](https://research.swtch.com/deps#what_is_a_dependency).

	Create a `reset.css` in your repo, as we did with `style.css`. You can go to [the course reset](https://typography-interaction-2526.github.io/assets/reset.css) in your browser, and copy the code into your local file. Then update the `link` in your `head`:

	```html
	<link href="reset.css" rel="stylesheet">
	```

1. Finally, let’s change our type!

	Go to [Google Fonts](https://fonts.google.com/) and find what you need. On the [*specimen* page](https://fonts.google.com/specimen/EB+Garamond) (the page for a font family), click the <samp>Get font</samp> button—this will add them to a sort of “shopping bag” up top.

	We’ll start by linking to it. Click <samp><> Get embed code</samp> to see our options, choose `<link>`. Select your weights, if necessary (only bring in what you will use), and copy the code there into your `<head>`:

	```html <!-- style="max-inline-size: calc(var(--layout--page) - var(--typography--line--3))" -->
	<link href="https://fonts.googleapis.com/css2?family=EB+Garamond:ital,wght@0,400..800;1,400..800&display=swap" rel="stylesheet">;
	```

	And then we’ll apply it—in this case, to everything, as `font-family` is [*inherited*](/topic/css/#and-inheritance): <!-- .add-before -->

	```css
	body { font-family: 'EB Garamond', serif }
	```

	You can also `@import` right into the top of your stylesheet, if you prefer: <!-- .add-before--2 .secondary -->

	```css <!-- style="max-inline-size: calc(var(--layout--page) - var(--typography--line--3))" -->
	@import url('https://fonts.googleapis.com/css2?family=EB+Garamond:ital,wght@0,400..800;1,400..800&display=swap');
	```

1. And with the remaining time:

	- Adjust some font sizes, with [element selectors](/topic/css/#1-by-element-type)
	- Differentiate color on some paragraphs, with [a class](/topic/css/#2-with-a-class)
	- Pull the Google Fonts in locally, organize into folders

<!-- .balance -->

## For Next Week

- You’ll be completing the next phase of your *Manuscript* projects:

	[<cite>Project Nº 1: Styled Markup</cite>](/project/1/#styled-markup)

	As in our demo today, you will be adding a `style.css` to your project. You will use this stylesheet to layer your design *onto* your semantic document, from last week—adjusting the font(s), their sizing/hierarchy, color, spacing, and so on—making use of the [CSS lecture](/topic/css/), above.

	Again: watch the recording, revisit the lecture, and talk to each other! You’ve got this. <!-- .secondary -->

- When you are done, submit a link to your URLs, as before:

	<a :href="course.channel.submit"><cite>Submission Form</cite></a>

	We’ll be reviewing these async, using [GitHub *Issues*](https://docs.github.com/en/issues/tracking-your-work-with-issues/about-issues#track-work). We’ll try to get through everything this weekend! <!-- .secondary -->
