<script front-matter>
	const unit = 'There Is No Perfect Layout'
	const video = '1Qou2O2MtMvp47nwuEMWnvtQkcfQ4D89S'
</script>

## Quick Project 1 Recap

We’ll be sending your individual [*Manuscript*](/project/1/) feedback and evaluations by next class time. Some brief overall notes:
<!-- .balance -->

- **Attributions?**

	A good number of folks brought in other material that we didn’t discuss in class—whether from previous knowledge, peers, MDN, who knows—and we didn’t see much in the way of [attributions](/syllabus/#code-plagiarism). We think we’ve been clear on this—you must note it and explain the usage and your understanding.

- **Smaller Commits, More Comments, Clear Indentation**

	We’d like to see better code hygiene! Commit smaller changes much more often, and with more useful messages. It shows us how you are working through things, and makes your code more resilient to errors. Likewise—comment your code! We didn’t see enough of this.

- **Don’t repeat yourself**

	D.R.Y! Following from above: in code, any time you’re repeating yourself there is probably a better way! In CSS, duplicate declarations probably mean you can use [grouped selectors](/topic/css/#combinations-and-groups-selector-selector), [nesting](/topic/css/#oh-also-nesting), reuse [a class](/topic/css/#2-with-a-class-class-name), etc. Sometimes this means going *back* across your work and consolidating/tidying. We want you to think systemically!

- **Readability Fundamentals**

	Tons of great, expressive type work! But in this, we lost some sight of the basics—many projects *still* had base paragraph text that was uncomfortable to read—lacking contrast, too-short or too-long lines. Put yourself in the mind of your user: is this comfortable to read?

- **Attention to Detail**

	We know this a new medium for most of you, and we might have used this analogy before: in a movie, you don’t want to see a reflection of the cameraman in a mirror. In design, you don’t want to see typos or misused punctuation. It just takes you out of the work.

	Said another way: *you* are the attention to detail. That’s all we are!

- **Quiet folks in the chat**

	We didn’t hear from probably half of you in the chat! We’d like to see more activity in the Slack channel, and engagement with *each other* there too. Everyone is going through the same stuff! And it’ll only be getting more challenging.

## Reading discussion

We’ll start our next unit, [*There Is No Perfect Layout*](/syllabus/#unit-n-2-there-is-no-perfect-layout) with a discussion of the readings from last week:
<!-- .balance -->

- [<cite>Continuity and Change</cite>](https://readings.design/PDF/MaxBill-ContinuityAndChange.pdf)
	Max Bill, 1953

- [<cite>The Web’s Grain</cite>](https://frankchimero.com/blog/2015/the-webs-grain/)
	Frank Chimero, 2015

- [<cite>Unit Nº 2: Reading Responses</cite>](https://docs.google.com/document/d/1JES4yUylzEvMqksBrFQ3JFlSmaQTXmy2QCm9bidn17M/)

### Further reading

Over the second unit, you should peruse these additional readings on your own schedule. Again, these are here as a reference and inspiration for your project:
<!-- .balance -->

- [<cite>Investigations on Gestalt Principles</cite>](https://g-e-s-t-a-l-t.org/media/pdf/Investigations-on-Gestalt-Principles.pdf)
	Max Wertheimer, 1923

- [<cite>Grid Systems in Graphic Design</cite>](https://monoskop.org/images/a/a4/Mueller-Brockmann_Josef_Grid_Systems_in_Graphic_Design_Raster_Systeme_fuer_die_Visuele_Gestaltung_English_German_no_OCR.pdf)
	Josef Müller-Brockmann, 1981

- [<cite>The Diminishing Marginal Value of Aesthetics</cite>](https://subpixel.space/entries/diminishing-marginal-aesthetic-value/)
	Toby Shorin, 2017

## Our Second Project

And we’ll go through the details of your next project:

[<cite>Project Nº 2: *Spread*</cite>](/project/2/)

## Responsive Design!

Today’s main topic is responsive design, which hinges on the use of *media queries*:
<!-- .balance -->

[<cite>Responsive Design</cite>](/topic/responsive/)

## And DevTools!

A rare, *second* topic—about tools to help us work responsively:
<!-- .balance -->

[<cite>DevTools (Web Inspector)</cite>](/topic/dev-tools/)

## For Next Week

- Review our [two](/topic/responsive/) [topics](/topic/dev-tools/) from today! We’re going to have to move faster here, but these are rich references for your work.

- Connect with your partner for [Project 2, *Spread*](/project/2/). Together, decide on the text you’ll use and add it to this list:

	[<cite>Project Nº 2: Reading Selection</cite>](https://docs.google.com/document/d/1lruQP47MS2Sw4mFPI3Z8AxtWtQ29Ac260d_JwzJx-wQ)

- Read your selection and discuss it with your partner!

- Then sketch collaboratively with your partner to develop [*three* initial directions](/project/2/#cooperative-sketching) for your design. Do this *[together](/project/2/#rules-for-collaboration)!* Make sure these are in the class project and be sure to send us your links:

	- [<cite>Project Nº 2: Sketches</cite>](https://www.figma.com/files/team/1534402567985934513/project/467147270/Project-N%C2%BA%C2%A02-Sketches)

	- <a :href="course.channel.submit"><cite>Submission Form</cite></a>
<!-- .balance -->
