<script front-matter>
	const draft = true
</script>

## Project 1 Grading, Midterm Check-In

Everyone should have received their grading/evaluation yesterday for their [*Manuscript*](/project/1/)!

And if you can believe it—today’s class marks the *halfway* point of our first semester! So this also functions as a check-in point for your overall progress in the course. You can respond to our DM with any questions, concerns, comments, etc.

## Brief *responsive* update

We’ve thought more about our responsive topic from last week, and want to discuss one update:
<!-- .balance -->

[<cite>Responsive Design: `px` media queries</cite>](/topic/responsive/#px-queries)<!-- style="--icon: ' ↑'" -->

## Flexbox!

For our first topic today, we’ll get into some more modern CSS layout:

[<cite>Finally, Flexbox</cite>](/topic/flexbox/)

## Grid!

And for our second, we’ll take a look its spiritual continuation in grid:

[<cite>And (CSS) Grid</cite>](/topic/grid/)

## Working in Pairs

For our second half today, we’ll demonstrate how you’ll work in code together—so it’d be helpful to sit with your partner! Our agenda:
<!-- .balance -->

1. In *one* of your GitHubs, start a [new repo](https://docs.github.com/en/get-started/quickstart/create-a-repo) named `spread` for our second projects—set to <samp>Public</samp>

1. Add your partner as [another user (*collaborator*)](https://docs.github.com/en/account-and-profile/setting-up-and-managing-your-personal-account-on-github/managing-access-to-your-personal-repositories/inviting-collaborators-to-a-personal-repository), which will let you both edit the repo’s code

1. Clone the repo locally, create an `index.html` with some basic HTML structure, commit it, and push ([as we did before](/week/3/#let-s-make-a-web-page))

1. Back on GitHub, [enable Pages](https://docs.github.com/en/pages/getting-started-with-github-pages/configuring-a-publishing-source-for-your-github-pages-site) and link in the repo’s <samp>About</samp> section<br><br><br><span class="note">*Switch drivers!*</span><br><br>

1. Now on the *other* computer, clone the repo down from GitHub

1. Let’s make it responsive by adding our [viewport meta tag](/topic/responsive/#viewport-meta-tag)

1. Also add in [our reset](https://typography-interaction-2526.github.io/assets/reset.css) and create and link to a `style.css`

1. Take a look at it in our friendly neighborhood [DevTools](/topic/dev-tools/)

1. Start with some *mobile-first* styles! Use base [CSS variables](/topic/responsive/#briefly-css-variables) for colors, type size, spacing and a [media query](/topic/responsive/#media-queries) to make them responsive

1. Commit this and push it up—same as befItore!<br><br><br><span class="note">*Switch drivers!*</span><br><br>

1. Back on the *first* computer, pull down the changes

1. Try a bit of our new layout here—a [flex `column`](/topic/flexbox/) that switches to a `row` at larger breaks, variables for `gap`, etc.

1. Add a [`@media print` query](/topic/responsive/#screen-vs-print) and adjust color/<wbr>spacing properties for [the printed page](https://developer.mozilla.org/en-US/docs/Web/CSS/CSS_paged_media)

1. …repeat until the project is done!
<!-- .balance -->

## For Next Week

- You’ll be moving into the next phase of your [*Spread*](/project/2/) projects. Narrow your design directions based off our coming Figma feedback, and then move into code with your partner:

	[<cite>Project Nº 2: Pair Programming</cite>](/project/2/#pair-programming)

- As a reminder, we want this work to be done *together*, as we demonstrated in class. Focus on roughing in your design, *mobile-first*, and then progressively enhancing it for desktop.

	For next week, we’d like to see your completed, semantic DOM and the first pass of your mobile and desktop styles.

- When these are in a good spot, submit your URL&NoBreak;s as usual:

	<a :href="course.channel.submit"><cite>Submission Form</cite></a>
<!-- .balance -->
