<script front-matter>
	const title = 'Spread'
	const week = 10
</script>

Students will now work together—with a new reading from those selected by the class in *[Manuscript](/project/1/)*&NoBreak;—to express a text deliberately and consistently across devices.
<!-- .intro -->

The goal of this project is twofold: both an effective collaboration between partners and also a successful, responsive design. Each duo will sketch cooperatively and then implement a joint execution together, via pair programming. The final web page will be responsive for mobile, desktop, and print layouts.

## Your Partners

Design is rarely practiced on your own—the same is true for most software development. So collaboration is integral to this work, and is the basic structure for this project—conceptually, visually, and then in code. You’ll be working with a partner:
<!-- .balance .after -->

<div class="left">

- Amanda & Riya
- Chareese & Soko
- Evgenii & Zarah
- Kinza & Michael
- Lucy & Sophia

</div>

<div class="middle">

- Ali & Mia
- Cason & Melody
- Katie & Maika
- Kimaya & Trenton
- Noor & Sooim

</div>

## Rules for Collaboration

- You are going to be working very closely together for this whole unit, so please be courteous and respectful throughout the process.

- Students will first meet with their partner, exchange necessary contact information, and figure out <nobr>co-working</nobr> times and general availability/approach.

- Students must always work *at the same time*—whether <nobr>in-person</nobr>, on Zoom, in a [Slack huddle](https://slack.com/help/articles/4402059015315-Use-huddles-in-Slack), what have you. This is *not* an asynchronous collaboration. You are not to work separately!

- In Figma, students may sketch on their individual computers but should always be in the same document, at the same time, working *together*.

- In Code, students should work on one computer at a time (for simplicity). One person “drives” with the other watching, and they should switch regularly—maybe every half-hour.

- It does not matter if you’re at a desk or in a [*Live Share*](https://visualstudio.microsoft.com/services/live-share/); these synchronous collaboration rules are the same.

- Each team will have one *shared* project repository for their code, and we should see balanced commits/work from both students. (We will demonstrate working together from one repo.)

- Both students will receive the *same* grade for this project, however this nets out. So it is in everyone’s interest to work together effectively.

Keep in mind here we aren’t looking for mathematically perfect division, here—all of these things are proxies for us seeing you *collaborate* with your partner. We want a good-faith effort at this. You *will* learn from each other, and your work will be more than what you bring alone.

## Reading Selection

<div class="body">

Each pair will choose a text that was [used by their classmates](https://docs.google.com/document/d/1YB8PYZyP5Xn2MZQ3f8q_DoY-9Crp_kAklwZjKp8-wzg) for *Manuscript*. Importantly, this text should *not* be either of your own selections. And again, we don’t want any repeats—first come, first serve. When you’ve agreed on a text, add it to the class document.

Read your text and discuss it, thoroughly, with your partner. We will not have *written* responses as part of this project—think of your design *as* your response. We expect to see this in your work (and later, have you explain it to us in your presentation).

</div>

<div class="right">

<div class="sticky">

- [<cite>Project Nº 1: Reading Selection</cite>](https://docs.google.com/document/d/1YB8PYZyP5Xn2MZQ3f8q_DoY-9Crp_kAklwZjKp8-wzg)
	Draw from these!

- [<cite>Project Nº 2: Reading Selection</cite>](https://docs.google.com/document/d/1lruQP47MS2Sw4mFPI3Z8AxtWtQ29Ac260d_JwzJx-wQ)
	Add your selection here, no repeats!

Due Oct. 17
<!-- .intro -->

</div>

</div>

## Cooperative Sketching

<div class="body">

You will then sketch *together*, in a single/shared Figma document, to develop your design for this new text. Keep in mind that your design should reflect your combined response to the text—it should be *appropriate* for what you have selected.

As with our last project, include the full reading (or your chapter/excerpt, if it is lengthy) and its title, author, date, and other associated elements. Again any figures, images, or other decoration should be excluded; this is still all about the form of the text itself.

You’ll both work on and refine these *together* into three discrete directions—catalyzed into distinct, well-developed design approaches. You have seen your classmates designs for *Manuscript*—but your sketches should be *unquestionably* your own interpretation of the same material. Consider this a constraint; go a different way.

*Each* of your three directions should have their basic mobile, desktop, and print forms sketched out. You can follow [the example document](https://www.figma.com/design/pN0VsxrokuLyePB7w5FAT4/Example-Frames-?m=auto&t=4zHWe5b9ILQ4x7p9-6) with these dimensions, but don’t feel encumbered/beholded to *The Frame*:
<!-- .after -->

| | |
|---|---|
| Mobile | `375px`<span class="note">-ish wide</span> |
| Desktop | `1280px`<span class="note">-ish wide</span> |
| Print | `816px` × `1056px` <span class="note">(8.5 × 11″ @ `96px`&#x202F;/inch)</span> |

Create your document (with both your names) in our class project again, so we aren’t dealing with permissions issues. And when you are done, submit [a link](https://help.figma.com/hc/en-us/articles/360040531773-Share-files-and-prototypes#h_01HWXCH0SY0398VGYGN3SDD8SQ) to your organized/finalized directions.
<!-- .before -->

</div>

<div class="right">

<div class="sticky">

- [<cite>Project Nº 2: Example Frames</cite>](https://www.figma.com/design/pN0VsxrokuLyePB7w5FAT4/Example-Frames-?m=auto&t=4zHWe5b9ILQ4x7p9-6)
	You can dupe these to get started—but let’s see some *sketching*.

- [<cite>Project Nº 2: Sketches</cite>](https://www.figma.com/files/team/1534402567985934513/project/467147270/Project-N%C2%BA%C2%A02-Sketches)
	Use both your names for the Figma document. Three *distinct* directions!

- <a :href="course.channel.submit"><cite>Submission Form</cite></a>
	Send us a link!

Also due Oct. 17
<!-- .intro -->

</div>

</div>

## Pair Programming

<div class="body">

As a team, you will decide on a single design direction—likely, a hybrid/composite path—and take this into code.

You should start, as we did before, with semantic HTML structures appropriate to your text and design. In this phase, we will also expect you to begin your mobile and desktop styles, using [media queries](/topic/responsive) and [CSS variables](/topic/responsive/#briefly-css-variables) to structure this work—taking a *mobile-first* approach.

All of this work should be done synchronously *together*, as outlined above. Each team will create a [shared GitHub repository](https://docs.github.com/en/account-and-profile/setting-up-and-managing-your-personal-account-on-github/managing-access-to-your-personal-repositories/inviting-collaborators-to-a-personal-repository) for their project, titled `spread` with their `index.html` file inside. It doesn’t matter who’s GitHub the repo originates/lives in, but both students should be *collaborators*. Make sure this repo is set to <samp>Public</samp> and [enable Pages](https://docs.github.com/en/pages/getting-started-with-github-pages/configuring-a-publishing-source-for-your-github-pages-site).

When this is in a good spot, submit a link to the repo and URL.

</div>

<div class="right">

<div class="sticky">

<a :href="course.channel.submit"><cite>Submission Form</cite></a>
	Repo and live URL!

Due Oct. 24
<!-- .intro -->

</div>

</div>

## Print and Refinement

<div class="body">

Next, you will layer in the styles for your [print layout](/topic/responsive/#screen-vs-print)—modifying your CSS, as necessary, to manifest this physical form. This interpretation should work *without* color—as print is often limited to black and white. (And be mindful of how much ink it would use!) The styles could be done as a separate CSS file, or in the same stylesheet.

You will also continue to refine your overall project design and code execution, integrating the feedback from your classmates and instructors in the previous phase. This work should also all be done *together*, as before—balancing the efforts (and commits) between both students.

When you are done, submit your links. You will then jointly present your completed page, along with your thinking and process to get there, to the class.

</div>

<div class="right">

<div class="sticky">

<a :href="course.channel.submit"><cite>Submission Form</cite></a>
	Your final URLs!

Due Oct. 31 🎃
<!-- .intro -->

</div>

</div>

## Our Expectations

We’re looking for a successful design *and* development collaboration—with refined and appropriate layout design, incorporation of feedback, and your effective use of responsive media queries. The *feeling* of your text should manifest across its forms.

### Our same considerations [from before](/project/1/#our-expectations)

- Still no images—but be even more expressive with your text!

- Still a single page! *Websites* are our next project.

- Add a brief [`README.md`](https://docs.github.com/en/repositories/managing-your-repositorys-settings-and-features/customizing-your-repository/about-readmes) overview to your repo—more than a heading!

- Final projects will again be submitted as live, public URL&NoBreak;s.

- We won’t go chasing down links; use the forms, above.

- These should work, as intended, on any computer (not just the student’s).

- Presentations are considered a part of the final, not just the page itself.
<!-- .balance -->

### And specific to this project

* Your group’s interpretation should be *entirely distinct* from the first project’s.

* There should be sketches and commits from both students—show us balanced work.

* The page should be *fluidly* responsive across screen sizes, not targeted to specific devices.

* Your print styles should work without color, and be cognizant of their ink use.

* The final presentation should demonstrate these three different, distinct forms.

* We should hear from both of you during the presentation.

* You will be evaluated, together, as a group.
<!-- .balance -->

<!-- We will discuss the presentation format closer to the date.
.intro .before--2 -->

## Notes on Format

- We’ll be all together here, this time around (since there are half as many projects). And we want everyone to see each others’ work!

- As before: each team will have the same 6–7 minutes to present their projects. (We’ll give you notice at the five-minute mark.) You’ll do this from one of your machines, signed into Zoom for recording and the projector. The final page should be shown from the live URL you have submitted. Same old, same old.

- Use your time to (briefly) introduce us to your reading and then talk about how your design responds to it—but focus on your final page. We want the bulk of your time to be in the work itself. (This was feedback for *many* of you! And you have more to show, now.)

- “Show, don’t tell” wherever possible; thread your story through your finished work. Don’t read us a script divided in half—or at least don’t let it feel that way. The presentation, as always, is part of the project! And we have room for improvement here.

- Be sure to fully demonstrate your page’s responsive behavior, using [your DevTools](/topic/dev-tools/#device-mode). Do this *fluidly*, not just at discrete/device dimensions. For demonstrating your print styles, we’d like you to “print” us a PDF and take us through it quickly in Preview, during your presentation.

- We should hear from both students—again, not with some mathematical precision—but convince us that both of you contributed to the project and care about it. We’d also like to hear about how your collaborative process worked—and what you learned from one another.

- Again, you can tell us what your challenges were, but also your triumphs! And how you’d keep it going, with more time or experience. Balance specifics with the Big Picture. Be prepared to use your time fully and effectively—shoot for that 6-minute mark, and don’t go too long here.

- Each presentation will be followed by a few minutes of quick feedback and critique from your classmates and from us. We’d like to specifically hear from the students who previously tackled this text in their *Manuscript*, so let’s all be paying attention and have that in mind.

- Per our [community agreement](/syllabus/#our-community) (and courtesy), the presenting student “has the floor.” Everyone else will close their laptops and turn off their phones—and nobody should <nobr>come-and-go</nobr> from the room during a presentation. (Disruptions will count against the offender!)

- And as before, we will both evaluate your work *and* presentation, as well as your live URL *and* code afterwards against [our expectations](#our-expectations). (Be sure to review these!) We’ll then average these scores for your overall project grade—and for this project, each team will receive their shared/joint evaluation on Slack, as we do.
