<script front-matter>
	const title = 'Functions'
	const week = 28
</script>

In this capstone project, students will identify a problem—whether in their own life, or in the lives of others. They will then design and implement their *answer* to this problem using the tools, technologies, and techniques they’ve learned in this course.
<!-- .intro -->

The problem should be something they can realistically and feasibly hope to *solve*—or at least *improve*, with what they know, can learn, and in the time they have. This isn’t a *hypothetical* thing; this is an *actual* thing. Students will research and understand this problem, before conceptualizing and building a web-based solution.

From its [very beginnings](/topic/everything/#what-about-the-web), the web has been *open* to participation. If you didn’t like how was, you could spin up your own site. If there was something you wanted it to be and it wasn’t out there, you could bring it into the world. This is fundamental to the web, as a medium.
<!-- .before--3 .balance -->

And the web’s utility has been defined, in no small part, by individual people trying to meet a specific *need*. Many sites, even today—after decades of growth and commercialization—were started to solve a *problem*, whether for a specific individual or for a community.

These sites, and the web, proliferated when others found them—as the desire of one is often the desire of many. And online, you can “cast a large net.” People have found shared joy, confusion, interest, and ultimately *usefulness* in the web. (Among other things.) And this is at the core of its ubiquity.

The goal of this project is to give students the time and space to explore a topic of their own interest, within the lens of the material we’ve covered in this course. The final deliverable will likely be a website—though it doesn’t *strictly* have to be. We do, however, require that it make use of the fundamental web skills of HTML, CSS, and JavaScript we have learned here together.
<!-- .before--3 .balance -->

 Students should focus on a strong conceptual base—as the project will rest entirely on their own idea. And then we will use the rest of the semester (and of our course) to tackle the problem.
<!-- .intro -->

## Define Your Problem

<div class="body">

**You’ll identify three (3!) distinct, possible problems you can consider:**
<!-- .balance -->

- The problems could be mundane, little annoyances; they could be some bigger, vital difficulties.

- It could be something in your daily life, or out in the world, or in your community.

- It is important that these problems are *interesting* and *meaningful* to you, whether they affect you directly or not.
	<br><span class="note">We’re not swapping! They are yours.</span>

- Don’t be afraid to push the conceptual boundaries of a “problem”—but it can also be something straightforward.

- Consider also problems that will allow you to research and conceptualize your solution thoroughly. Have “runway.”

- Like any [*function*](https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Function_(computer_programming)), your project should take an *input* and have an *output*. It should *transform* the input, to answer the problem.
	<br><span class="note">Ask yourself: what are my *inputs*; what are my *outputs*?</span>

- And again, your projects should be *achievable* and address *real* concerns. Where can you “make a dent?” We have 7 weeks now; can you approach it in that time?
	<br><span class="note">Framed as *small*, *medium*, or *large*—shoot for a *medium*!</span>
<!-- .balance -->

**Do this in a (nicely-formatted) Google Doc. For each problem:**
<!-- .balance .before--2 -->

- Write a paragraph (100–150 words *each*) describing its nature and how you hope to solve or improve it.

- Each proposal should include some basic background context for the problem at hand, as well as a brief outline of how (conceptually, practically, etc.) you might address it with what you know and the near horizon of what you can learn.

- Separately, unpack and identify what you think the *challenges* will be for this particular problem.

- A goal here (always) is to challenge yourself—tell us what you are hoping to *learn* from working on it!
<!-- .balance -->

</div>

<div class="right">

<div class="sticky">

<a :href="course.channel.submit"><cite>Submission Form</cite></a>
When you are done, submit your link—make sure that it is shared to all `newschool.edu` accounts!

Due Mar. 11
<!-- .intro -->

</div>

</div>

<aside class="before--4">

<mark>Balance *challenging* but *achievable*</mark>

If you don’t give yourself both enough *latitude* and *limits* here, you will be struggling later. We do not have a week to burn on not-enough&#x202F;/&thinsp;too-much concepts!

</aside>

<!--- We will unpack the rest of the project and its milestones next week! --->
<!--- .intro .before--4 --->

## Project Roadmap

<div class="body">

You will now narrow down to *one* of these problems, expanding on your initial introduction from before. You are working to create a refined project proposal that is actionable, while still being *enough* for the project. Look to the goals, above.

Based on the initial feedback/ranking from your peers and instructors, you will revise your proposal—understanding and unpacking the boundaries of what you want to accomplish with what will be feasible. Further research how you might approach and solve your problem—whether conceptually or technically. Remember, *you* are going to design and build this; tell us how *you* are going to get there.

**We’d like it to take this form:**
<!-- .before--2 -->

1. A revised and expanded introduction and description—now including research and any pertinent links.

1. A list of features/functionality—think of each one as something the project *has* or *does*. If you can’t think of many features, unpack them! Or you might not have enough scope.

	From your list, identify the **one** feature your project *has* to do in order to be successful and indicate it as such. If it is big, further “break it down” as necessary into meaningful, actionable sub-features.

1. We’d also like these features to be evaluated on [an impact/effort matrix](https://www.bitesizelearning.co.uk/resources/impact-vs-effort-matrix-explanation-template) to help identify what is worth your time. Make sure all your features are here!

1. Last, we want you to use this information to make a high-level, week-by-week roadmap—ending on the final presentation day, April 22. Use each week as a grouping; we only have six from today!

	This should include progress *for* next class, beyond this roadmap itself. <!-- .note -->
<!-- .balance -->

The feature you identified as absolutely necessary will form the basis for your *Minimum Viable Product* (MVP). This, and any closely related features should be the first thing you unpack and work on. After this, you should order your weeks by prioritizing the other most important features and functionality first.

Practically, this will take the form of a ~~(new) Google Doc~~ FigJam. We’ve set up a template to get you started.
<!-- .balance -->

</div>

<div class="right">

<div class="sticky">

- [<cite>Project Nº 5: Planning Template</cite>](https://www.figma.com/board/UepsFU9YGAna3KtYSqGRyb/%F0%9F%97%93%EF%B8%8F-Planning-Template-?node-id=2-659&t=g5c8df0h62k5oOWB-1)
	[Duplicate this](https://help.figma.com/hc/en-us/articles/360038511533-Duplicate-or-copy-files#open-file) (don’t edit the shared one!), rename it with your name, and make sure it still “lives” in our class [project/folder](https://www.figma.com/files/project/570412688).

- <a :href="course.channel.submit"><cite>Submission Form</cite></a>
When you are done, send us a link and recap.

Due Mar. 25
<!-- .intro -->

</div>

</div>

<aside class="before--4">

<mark>Caution: planning is student responsibility</mark>

Our milestones from here out will be more suggestive—because ultimately your progress will depend on your problem/roadmap. But these should give you a general idea where you need to be!

</aside>

## Core Functionality

<div class="body">

You should be working in code. (Remember, code is a form of sketching!) Set up your project repo, roughing out your initial DOM, and establish your basic CSS variables and breakpoints. For some of you, this might also mean an initial integration or semantic/behavior sketching—for others, this could be roughing out states across pages, ahead of JS.

The most important priority here is to implement the core functionality that your project *has* to do. This could mean prototyping JavaScript behavior, integrating with an API, or experimenting with different layouts.

Every project will need something different here, but by April <nobr>1&hairsp;<sup>ST</sup></nobr> you should be able to demonstrate your project’s *core functionality* in code. Prioritize this over aesthetics and other side quests.

Show us that you are doing what you need for yours!

</div>

<div class="right">

<div class="sticky">

<a :href="course.channel.submit"><cite>Submission Form</cite></a>
Send us a link to your GitHub repo and an update/recap.

Due Apr. 1
<!-- .intro -->

</div>

</div>

## Minimum Viable Product

<div class="body">

You should now work towards a feature complete *Minimum Viable Product* (MVP). This means implementing any additional features on top of your core functionality in order for your project to work. What is the bare *minimum* you need to “ship” it?

Your focus is on getting your code and project *structurally* complete and “topped out.” This doesn’t mean *done*; this means your [“last beam”](https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Topping_out) has been erected.

This might mean your click-through prototype now saves state; this might mean you’re rendering or have populated all your data. It could be more progress into front-end, but that shouldn’t be at the expense of any *structure*. There should be no large implementation unknowns ahead of you—now is the time to resolve them. It might be ugly/unstyled/default-y, or not have *all* of the features—but it should cover the core behaviors and use.

</div>

<div class="right">

<div class="sticky">

<a :href="course.channel.submit"><cite>Submission Form</cite></a>
Submit links to your GitHub repo and *topped-out* work.

Due Apr. 8
<!-- .intro -->

</div>

</div>

## Refinement, Polish, and Testing

<div class="body">

Your main, primary functionality should be complete—so now we want you to shift back some more into visual design. Maybe your code structure has informed interface changes; maybe your original visual concept just needs to be more thoroughly executed. This week should be about getting your design in a solid place—both in UX and UI.

We also want you to *test* your project. (This has been lacking, before.) This means [using your DevTools](/topic/dev-tools/#device-mode) to thoroughly check screen sizes small and large—not just your own devices. And this should *also* mean checking it on your phone, and on other computers. Send it to a classmate! All things equal, a thoroughly *working* project is worth more than any particular taste/design concept.

</div>

<div class="right">

<div class="sticky">

<a :href="course.channel.submit"><cite>Submission Form</cite></a>
Again, make sure you (re)submit your links.

Due Apr. 15
<!-- .intro -->

</div>

</div>

## Final Refinements and Presentation

<div class="body">

In the last working week, we want you to focus on *tying it all together*.

This is where you can get your [`<head>`](/topic/link-meta/) in order. Have someone proof your copy. Clean up your repo. Make sure your fonts work on another computer. Check those breakpoints (again). Maybe tackle one of your “nice to haves” that got cut for time!

Do whatever else you need to make it feel *cohesive*, *intentional*, and *complete*—nothing left *rough* or *unfinished*. There should be no major shifts here, if you’ve met your milestones. This is a week to package it up, and then focus on your presentation. (Keep in mind [our notes](/week/23/#project-4-recap) from last time.)

As always, your presentation is *part of the project*. And since this is the capstone to our time together, we do want the presentations to be more deliberate and considered than before. We’d like you to consider the audience and [the story](https://www.nngroup.com/articles/two-tips-better-ux-storytelling/) you want to leave us with. As a reminder, you are in control of your demo—so make sure it relates to the story you are telling!

</div>

<div class="right">

<div class="sticky">

<a :href="course.channel.submit"><cite>Submission Form</cite></a>
Of course, make sure you have your final links.

Due Apr. 22
<!-- .intro -->

</div>

</div>

## Our Expectations

We want to see a well-polished project which clearly demonstrates an engagement with and understanding of everything we’ve covered in this course.
<!-- .intro -->

This project is open-ended, by design—as many real projects you will work on are. This is so you may gain experience working in an open scope and within an undefined solution space. It is natural to have some false starts, but if you find yourself spinning out it is on you to reach out.

The standard “night before” *will not* cut it here, and we expect that each week shows meaningful effort and progress beyond what may have worked in previous assignments.

Given the nature of this project, we expect and look forward to each individual’s design and implementation being unique. There is no right answer here, but we want to see your work shaped and informed by your process, your peers, and our collective input.

### Our technical/practical requirements

- As a *function*, your project should take an *input* and transform it into an *output*.

- Include appropriate, considered [metadata](/topic/link-meta/) within your `<head>`.

	For Chrome extensions: consider all the similar [`manifest.json`](https://developer.chrome.com/docs/extensions/reference/manifest) titles, icons, and descriptions that appear throughout the browser. <!-- .note -->

- Also include a `README.md` overview of your project for Others/Future You (that *you* write). Make use of the [Markdown formatting](https://docs.github.com/en/get-started/writing-on-github/getting-started-with-writing-and-formatting-on-github/basic-writing-and-formatting-syntax) to make these intentional.

	Extensions: in lieu of [actually publishing](https://developer.chrome.com/docs/webstore/publish), treat this as your “landing page.” <!-- .note -->

- As before, any page will be submitted as live, public URL&NoBreak;s.

- We won’t go chasing down links; submitting the form is “turning it in.”

- These should work on any device (not just the student’s).

- Any page should be *fluidly* responsive across breakpoints.

- Your presentation should demonstrate all of your project’s behavior, and is *part of the project*.

- **“AI”/&thinsp;LLM use must adhere to our [“ask-mode” policy](/syllabus/#aides-to-our-understanding).**
<!-- .balance style="row-gap: 3rcap" -->

<!-- We will unpack the presentation format closer to the date! .intro -->

## Notes on Format

- We will be together as one group again, like we were in the Fall—so everyone can see each other’s work.

- As with last semester: *everyone’s* projects are due on the first day—next week, April 22. You will get the random presentation order that morning.

- It should go without saying that *any* work after this point is a great way to fail this project (and thus the class), and we expect you to attend the second day even if you presented on the first.

- As with our last couple presentations, you will have the same 6–7 minutes to present. (We’ll try to give you a heads-up at the five-minute mark.) You’ll do this from your own machine, signed into Zoom for recording and the projector, from the live URL you have submitted—same deal as before!

- We want to reiterate our [community agreement](/syllabus/#our-community) again. Laptops closed, phones away, and folks shouldn’t be coming-or-going. The person presenting has the floor and our respect!

- Introduce us to [your problem](#define-your-problem), how you approached solving or improving it, and where you ultimately landed. Demonstrate all the functionality you’ve been hashing out over the past few weeks!

- We’re agnostic on decks—but be sure to [tell us a *story*](#final-refinements-and-presentation), remembering that your presentation is part of what we are practicing and evaluating here. This is our fifth time doing this, and you’ve all had our feedback.

- Each of your presentations will be followed by a few minutes of feedback and critique from both of us.

- And as before we’ll both evaluate your work, presentation, and code against [our expectations](#our-expectations) and [our](/week/25/#some-overall-notes) [previous](/week/26/#more-overall-notes) [feedback](/week/27/#last-overall-notes). We’ll then average our scores for your overall project and send this on Slack, along with your overall course grade for the semester.
<!-- .balance -->

We’re really looking forward to it! We’ve all come [a long way](/week/1).
<!-- .intro -->
